OCE stands for Optimum Connection Experience, which targets on providing users
with best connectivity experience while using OCE certified AP and devices.

Motivations:
LAA-LTE as a competitor.
The development of proprietary solutions by Operators.

Use Case Definitions:
Use Case 1 - Airport Model
    When a flight is arrived, and large group of passengers are taking off, their devices keep searching for available APs.

1. This kind of scenario gurrantees that no interruption to existing connectivity is caused by the searching process.
2. And, more importantly, as each user is using OCE-certified devices(also, with OCE-certified AP deployed among the airport.), devices shall find the best AP that gives best experience.
The choosing is based on exchanging information between APs and STAs.
3. The load is balanced among APs without overloading the current usages.

Use Case 2 - Stadium Model
    During the break of a match, large group of clients start searching available APs in a simutaneous fashion. This use case should require:

1. Clients connectivity shall not be impacted by the excessive probing frames, and the like(Management frames)
2. Sticky Clients problem should be resolved, as one may transposition from one place to the other.

Use Case 3 - Shopping Mall Model
    As one walks through a shopping area where OCE-certified devices are deployed. This model requires:

1. No overloaded AP choosing.
2. No far away AP choosing.
3. Choice balancing between using Wifi Connection or Cellular networks.

Use Case 4 - Park Model
    Three people are accessing an AP. One is at the edge of that AP, potentially experiencing low rate transimission. There is another AP in the near, which, the device at the edge can connect.
    
1. One at edge shall switch to the other AP in order to provide better connectivity.
2. Private SSID, instead of Public SSID is chosen, when radio conditions are similiar.

Exisiting Alternatives:

-Multibands Operations(MBO)

For AP and devices to exchange information such as preferred channels, AP's capabilities to accept new stations' requests, etc. Information are used for the device to make intelligent decisions on choosing APs.

Also, MBO can mandate to change the BSS of stations.

Disadvantages : No test or estimatation to say which connections can provide best QoE.

-HotSpot 2.0(HS2.0)

Seamless connection, and find available services.

Disadvantages : No gurrantee to provide best QoE.

Required Capabilities:

1.Reduced airtime overhead for transmitting Probe Request frame
	  -OCE-STA has 20ms deferral to send any Probe Request frame.
	  -Neighboring Reduced. An AP, provided that having neighbor information, shall be capable of embedding Neighbor Reduced information into Probe Discovery/Response frame, and send it. Also, STA is capable of receiving it, and making decision based on which.
	  -FILS Discovery frame and Beacon frame has a minimum sending interval.
	  Also, If neighbor embedded information in what described above, then no FILS is sent.

2. ...........for transimitting Probe Response
   	  -OCE-APs are required being capable of boardcasting Response. This is to avoid replication.

3. Short Setup
	  -OCE-APs & STAs are required to support FILS shared key auth.

4. AP alloc.
	  -Reject based on insufficient RSSI status.
	  	  Reject a request. Reply it with:
		  	 1. Status code.
			 2. Amount of difference between 'can be associated'
			 3. Minimum time before next request sent to the same AP.
	  -Hashed domains, within which, fast FILS reauth. is possible,
	  	  should be embedded in FILS.
	  -AP shall transmit KPI information, which the STA could obtain when associated with APs.
	  